# SUCHAI Ground Station SoftwareThe Ground Station software is divided in two: a **remote** side and an **antenna** sideThe **Antenna Side Software** drives the Radio (TNC-ICOM) to sending/receiving frames to/from the satellite.The **Remote Side Software** drives the Antenna Side Software sending and receving telecommands/telemetry  to/from the satellite with a GUI.## SUCHAI Ground Station MessagesMessages shared between gsAntenna and gsRemote are JSON documents with thefollowing keys:* type: type of message as string* data: data of the message. Type depend of the message### TelecomandMessage that represent SUCHAI telecomands in the format [cmd, value, ...]* type: "tc"* data: Array of chars with the format [CMD-H,CMD-L,VAL-H,VAL-L, ...]### Console commandMessage that represent a command for SUCHAI console. Data is a string.* type: "cmd"* data: String, ex. "exe_cmd 0x3001 0"### Debug telecomandMessage that represent a debug string to show in SUCHAI console.* type: "debug"* data: String, ex "hola mundo"### TelemetryMessage that represent telemetry downloaded from SUCHAI satellite. Data is anarray of values.* type: "tm"* data: Array of chars in the format [VALUE-H, VALUE-L, ...]# Antenna Side Software (ASS):licsp is the library from Gomspace (to interface with the NanoCom and TNC1), it is avaliable on github, the version used here is checkout *10c3151ba619d9e0c8affe0b49abd854e4159074* ## Modification to the libcsp**examples/kiss.c** Starting point we took to develop the ASS. Running this modified examples create the threads to send/receive the frames and retransmit them to the RSS**wscript**We modify the lib to compile examples/kiss.c against, in order to add *LIB=-lzmq* flag to the compiler## ZMQ NodeThe Antenna Side Software is connect to remote clients using ZMQ as a *Publisher*to send telemtry downloaded from satellite. Telecomands are readed from a *PUSH-PULL*socket.* PUBLISHER-SUBSCRIBER socket in **port 5556** over tcp to read messages from ASS* PUSH_PULL socket in **port 5557** over tcp to send messages to ASS# Remote Side Software (RSS):Bassed in @carlgonz [SerialCommander](https://github.com/carlgonz/SerialCommander) project using ZMQ sockets to interface with the Antenna Side Software in a Publisher-Subscriber topology.